bsdlib: version 0.7.8 (#239)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: bsdlib/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

bsdlib 0.7.8
************

* Changed UDP sendto retval from ENETDOWN to EBADF in some cases when the socket is no longer valid.

> * Fix issue when modem communication would not work after a shutdown-init sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue where the modem communication would not work after a shutdown-init sequence.
```
